Add blog entry for openfabr cdf v2 release (#6)
fabrhq/blog: content/blog/openfabr-cdf-v2-release/index.md

---
title: "OpenFABR Cloud Development Kit V2 Release"
date: "2022-12-22T12:14:03.000Z"
author: "Chen Wang"
description: "Releasing OpenFABR Cloud Development Kit (CDF) V2"
---

![OpenFABR CDF V2 Release Image](./openfabr-cdf-v2-release-1500x500.png)

> Since the launch of [OpenFABR CDF](https://github.com/openfabr/cdf) in November 2022, we have been busy bringing the framework to more IaC runtime. With **V2** release, you can implement packages in [cdk8s](https://cdk8s.io/) and [Pulumi](https://pulumi.com), which should cover majority of the imperative IaC landscape. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the launch of [OpenFABR CDF](https://github.com/openfabr/cdf) in November 2022, we have been busy bringing the framework to more IaC runtimes. With **V2**, you can implement packages in [cdk8s](https://cdk8s.io/) and [Pulumi](https://pulumi.com), which covers the majority of the imperative IaC landscape. 
```

The use cases of these two can be quite different, according to the views *in the field*:

> - We have seen many large engineering organisations offering varying degree of customisation to engineers in product teams to customise their k8s provisioning. With **cdk8s** and now OpenFABR CDF V2, [managing k8s resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/manage-deployment/) can be easily built into an abstraction layer integrated into organisations' [GitOps](https://www.gitops.tech/) and/or [internal developer platform](https://internaldeveloperplatform.org/). Technically, it is influenced by [AWS CDK](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/) with a smaller set of constructs corresponding to core k8s concepts, making it ideal for the use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have seen many large engineering organisations offering varying degree of customisation to engineers in product teams to customise their k8s provisioning. With **cdk8s** and now OpenFABR CDF V2, [managing k8s resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/manage-deployment/) can be easily built into an abstraction layer integrated into organisations' [GitOps](https://www.gitops.tech/) and/or [internal developer platform](https://internaldeveloperplatform.org/). Technically, it is influenced by [AWS CDK](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/) with a smaller set of constructs corresponding to core K8s concepts, making it ideal for the use case. 
```

> - On the other hand, **Pulumi** has gained popularity among application developers as a viable option for multi-cloud imperative IaC when we conduct our field interviews in the second half of 2022, alongside [Terraform CDF](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cdktf) which remains new to the scene. We are big fans of Pulumi at [FABR](https://fabrhq.com) and share many visions of where DevOps move towards, such as their [Crosswalk for AWS](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/guides/crosswalk/aws/) initiative. This release is hopefully the beginning of more collaboration in the future. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the other hand, **Pulumi** has gained popularity among application developers as a viable option for multi-cloud imperative IaC when we conduct our field interviews in the second half of 2022, alongside [CDK for Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cdktf) which remains new to the scene. We are big fans of Pulumi at [FABR](https://fabrhq.com) and share many visions of where DevOps move towards, such as their [Crosswalk for AWS](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/guides/crosswalk/aws/) initiative. This release is hopefully the beginning of more collaboration in the future. 
```

> Go check it out and tell us what you think through all the channels made available to you. Thank you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check it out and tell us what you think on [Discord](https://discord.gg/3MrGSrFwM2), [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/fabrhq), [Github](https://github.com/openfabr), or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openfabr). We want your feedback. Thank you!
```

Author: Good point, maybe suggest edit the other blog post too for adding those links?

*We are in the process of bringing out more **tutorials** addressing all 4 IaC runtime CDF supports for package authors. A **CLI package** is also in the making to help bootstrap new packages and projects built atop OpenFABR CDF.*

> 

Author: Please edit via github comments
